Products/AirlockBrowser/Scripting/V2/index.md, before:

---
layout: UserGuide
title: Airlock Browser Developer Resources
---
# Developer Resources

* [Programming Guide](../../UserGuides/V2/ProgrammingGuide)
* [User Guide](../../UserGuides/V2/)
* [Live Samples](Samples)

This page contains links to various JavaScript files and their associated documentation.
You can reference the JavaScript files during development to provide intellisense,
if supported by your JavaScript editor.

JavaScript files presented here are for use during development only, and should not
be included in production code as they may interfere with the JavaScript that is injected
automatically by Airlock Browser.

## Airlock Browser

This file contains type definitions and function signatures for working with Airlock Browser's
core APIs.

* <a href="JavaScript/Airlock/Airlock.js" download>Airlock.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Airlock/)

## Device Specific Resources

The following are links to the various device specific SDK JavaScript files.

* <a href="JavaScript/Sdks/Bluebird.js" download>Bluebird.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Sdks/Bluebird/)
* <a href="JavaScript/Sdks/CipherLab.js" download>CipherLab.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Sdks/CipherLab/)
* <a href="JavaScript/Sdks/Honeywell.js" download>Honeywell.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Sdks/Honeywell/)
* <a href="JavaScript/Sdks/Zebra.js" download>Zebra.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Sdks/Zebra/)

## CipherLab Legacy Applications

If you have an existing application built using Windows Mobile/CE,
use this API.

* <a href="JavaScript/CipherLab/CipherLab.js" download>CipherLab.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/CipherLab/)

Commit message:

Updated meta info for user guides and Airlock Browser for Android page.

Products/AirlockBrowser/Scripting/V2/index.md, after:

---
layout: UserGuide
title: Airlock Browser | Industrial Browser for Android | Developer Resources
description: A purpose-built industrial browser, designed for warehouse and industrial environments to meet the needs of mobile workers. It is a highely configurable application with powerful client scripting that enables deep device integration features.
keywords: industrial browser,browser for mobile computers,browser for WMS,secure browser, client scripting

---
# Developer Resources

* [Programming Guide](../../UserGuides/V2/ProgrammingGuide)
* [User Guide](../../UserGuides/V2/)
* [Live Samples](Samples)

This page contains links to various JavaScript files and their associated documentation.
You can reference the JavaScript files during development to provide intellisense,
if supported by your JavaScript editor.

JavaScript files presented here are for use during development only, and should not
be included in production code as they may interfere with the JavaScript that is injected
automatically by Airlock Browser.

## Airlock Browser

This file contains type definitions and function signatures for working with Airlock Browser's
core APIs.

* <a href="JavaScript/Airlock/Airlock.js" download>Airlock.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Airlock/)

## Device Specific Resources

The following are links to the various device specific SDK JavaScript files.

* <a href="JavaScript/Sdks/Bluebird.js" download>Bluebird.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Sdks/Bluebird/)
* <a href="JavaScript/Sdks/CipherLab.js" download>CipherLab.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Sdks/CipherLab/)
* <a href="JavaScript/Sdks/Honeywell.js" download>Honeywell.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Sdks/Honeywell/)
* <a href="JavaScript/Sdks/Zebra.js" download>Zebra.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/Sdks/Zebra/)

## CipherLab Legacy Applications

If you have an existing application built using Windows Mobile/CE,
use this API.

* <a href="JavaScript/CipherLab/CipherLab.js" download>CipherLab.js</a> \| [Documentation](JSDoc/CipherLab/)
